Updated docs for ToolDescriptionEvaluator (#1016)
Azure/azure-mcp: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

    - [ ] Updated `README.md` documentation
    - [ ] Updated command list in `/docs/azmcp-commands.md`
    - [ ] Updated test prompts in `/docs/e2eTestPrompts.md`

>     - [ ] For new or modified tool descriptions, ran the [`ToolDescriptionEvaluator`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-mcp/blob/main/eng/tools/ToolDescriptionEvaluator/Quickstart.md) utility and obtained a score of `0.4` or more and a top 3 ranking for all related test prompts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [ ] For new or modified tool descriptions, run [`ToolDescriptionEvaluator`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-mcp/blob/main/eng/tools/ToolDescriptionEvaluator/Quickstart.md) and obtained a score of `0.4` or more and a top 3 ranking for all related test prompts
```

Author: We're talking in the past tense for all other items. I think I'll keep it as such.

Author: But will remove the word "utility"
